feat: add `array/base/with` (#1374)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/array/base/with/docs/repl.txt

{{alias}}( x, index, value )

>     Return a new array after updating an index into the input array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Return a new array after replacing an index with a given value.
```

{{alias}}( x, index, value )
    Return a new array after updating an index into the input array.

    Parameters
    ----------
    x: ArrayLikeObject

>         The input array to be updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       Input array.
```

    index: integer

>         The index of the element to be replaced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Index of the element to be replaced.
```

    value: any

>         The value to replace the element at the specified index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Value to replace the element at the specified index with.
```

    Returns
    -------
    out: ArrayLikeObject

>         The updated array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Updated array.
```
